All right.
So now we're going to see how we can just make use of some third party prompt from the from the hub
of the lamp chain, instead of us writing all these prompts over here.
I mean, this is the prompt which I have written inspired from one of the third party prompts, as you
can see over here.
So look at that, the rack prompt.
This is the prompt that I just used like inspired.
From here you can just download this prompt from using the lamp chain hub.
And you can pull this particular prompt.
And then you can use this particular prompt just by just one line of code over here.
This is also something very much possible.
So if you just go to the hub over here, you can see that there are different types of prompts available.
You can also create your own prompt.
You can upload it to them.
And yeah there are so many different prompts available like text to SQL for that matter.
So you see that how this prompt has been written over here.
Given an input question, first create a synthetic correct dialect query to return to run.
Then look at the result and query and return the answer.
The question is here.
This is the answer, blah blah blah.
This is the table info.
This is the few shot examples and stuff.
So look at that.
This is how these kind of, uh, these kinds of, uh, prompts are being created.
And the one that we are going to be using is this guy.
It's downloaded like 21.8 million times, which is amazing.
So I'm going to use this particular prompt.
So for that we just need to use these two lines of code.
So I'm going to go to our VS code over here uh and probably copy this.
And I'm going to paste markdown here uh using uh Lang Chain Hub for prompt.
Write the same code.
Just that this is going to be instead of the chat prompt template, I'm going to just use uh lang chain.
And I'm going to import hub.
And instead of this prompt that we have written over here like this big prompt, I can just say prompt
is equal to, uh, hub dot, pull this particular prompt, that's all.
This is all I have to do over here for the prompt.
I'm going to be passing in.
I'm going to pass the prompt over here and look at that.
For this particular prompt you need you still have the question and the context over here.
So it's going to just match whatever that we are passing in in the invocation part.
So that's going to remain exactly the same.
And I'm going to run this particular code.
And you see that I'm going to get the response over here which is amazing.
So this is how you can see that we can uh, we can use the chain hub, uh, hub to get the prompt over
here.
In our next lecture, I will show you how we can use one more way to retrieve, uh, the, uh, retrieve
the information from our query, our large language model using retrieval QA.